Improve the explanation of section 'agent' in pipeline syntax (#5928)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/book/pipeline/syntax.adoc

[[differences-between-top-and-stage-level]]
===== Differences between top and stage level Agents

There are some nuances when adding an agent to a top level or stage level, and this is when the `option` directive is applied.
Refer to the link:../syntax/#options[options] section for more information.

[[top-level-agents]]
====== Top Level Agents
In `agents` declared at the outermost level of the Pipeline.

> First, an agent will be allocated to you, and then the option `timeout` will be triggered inside that agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, an agent is allocated to you, and then the option `timeout` is triggered inside that agent.
```
suggestion to make text more present, instead of future tense

[[differences-between-top-and-stage-level]]
===== Differences between top and stage level Agents

> There are some nuances when adding an agent to the top level or a stage level, and this when the `option` directive is applied.
> Check the section
> link:../syntax/#options[options]
> for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are some nuances when adding an agent to a top level or stage level, and this is when the `option` directive is applied.
Refer to the link:../syntax/#options[options] section for more information.
```
suggestion to have one sentence per line, as this makes it easier for reviewers to read, and adjusting a bit of wording to read correctly

[[top-level-agents]]
====== Top Level Agents

> In `agents` declared at the outermost level of the Pipeline.
> First, an agent will be allocated to you and then 
> the option `timeout` will be triggered inside that agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In `agents` declared at the outermost level of the Pipeline.
First, an agent will be allocated to you, and then the option `timeout` will be triggered inside that agent.
```
single sentence per line suggestion, a small reword
